You come at this time
Are you afraid that your royal brother will know?
Compared to what we are planning
This sin is nothing
You and I are grasshoppers on a rope now
Park Muxi
I saved you from them
I helped you kill them
I tried my best
Bring you from the cold and bitter land of the northwest to the capital
It's not for you to be in the palace
Kiss me with that sad person
I have followed the form you ordered.
Take down Concubine Yuan Gui
It's just a show with the emperor
Don't think I don't know
What's on your mind?
You want supremacy.
You want to be queen?
You don't care who the emperor is
As long as his tomb is in place
He will not allow a miserable marriage
The people of the Northwest land become queens
Since he doesn't care about me
I would rather
Holy King, you come to be the emperor
I haven't forgotten
You have returned to the real tomb field in Beijing
Then we plan slowly
Find a way to bring down the pet
Now in this harem
There's no match for me anymore.
I don't have that much patience anymore.
Not so much time
I wish he were dead now.
I can't wait to be queen tomorrow
Tell me what you need me to do.